Hudson County view has obtained a vulgar
video being shared on Facebook depicting
Phillip administration employee Brooke
Hanson a research assistant in the
mayor's office according to her LinkedIn
page on an expletive filled rant
directed at Bostwick Avenue residence
viewers be advised excessive to kill a
college apparently Bostwick likes
garbage is boss we has nothing
[Music]
we go again we're gonna clean it again
we're gonna text messages and emails
seeking immediate comment from city
spokeswoman Jennifer Morel were not
returned before the publication of this
video Fisher comments from the full
penetration regarding the story will be
printed on Hudson County views website
I'm Michael Sharon with Hudson County
view the eye of the community